Cdocs pilot page #2 (Proxy RUM browser data) (#29246)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/real_user_monitoring/guide/proxy-rum-data.mdoc.md

{% alert level="danger" %}
Upgrade to Browser SDK `4.34.0` or later to avoid security vulnerabilities in your proxy configuration.
{% /alert %}
{% /if %}

## Overview

The RUM Browser SDK can be configured to send requests through a proxy. When you set the SDK's `proxy` [initialization parameter][1] to a URL such as `https://www.example-proxy.com/any-endpoint`, all RUM data is sent to that URL using the POST method. The RUM data still needs to be forwarded to Datadog from the proxy.

## Prerequisite proxy setup

To successfully forward a request to Datadog, your proxy must

1. [Build the Datadog intake URL](#build-the-datadog-intake-url).
2. Add an `X-Forwarded-For` header containing the request client IP address for accurate geoIP.
3. Forward the request to the Datadog intake URL using the POST method.
4. Leave the request body unchanged.

{% alert level="warning" %}
- For security reasons, remove any HTTP headers that potentially contain sensitive information, such as the `cookie` header.
- The request body can contain binary data and should not be converted to a string. Make sure your proxy implementation forwards the raw body without conversion.

> - Make sure your proxy implementation does not allow a malicious actor to send requests to a different server (ex: https://browser-intake-datadoghq.com.malicious.com).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Make sure your proxy implementation does not allow a malicious actor to send requests to a different server. For exampe: `https://browser-intake-datadoghq.com.malicious.com`.
```

{% /alert %}

### Build the Datadog intake URL

Your Datadog intake URL should have the format `<INTAKE_ORIGIN>/<PATH><PARAMETERS>` (for example, `https://browser-intake-datadoghq.eu/api/v2/rum?ddsource=browser&...`).

> {% table %}

Reviewer: Side note: We should investigate getting Vale to ignore markdoc partial syntax
